Add info about contributing & tox (#31)
theresnotime/as-a-treat: README.md

    [...],
]
```

### Tox
I use `tox` to run tests, check code style and fix formatting. It's a good idea to run it before pushing changes. A GitHub action will also run it on PRs.
```bash
# To run tests:
tox

# To fix formatting etc:
tox -e fix
```

### Gotchas

> - `run.py` will fail if `config.py` isn't present — you can just copy `config.example.py` to `config.py` while testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gen.py` will fail if `config.py` isn't present — you can just copy `config.example.py` to `config.py` while testing. Note that the example config doesn't contain the necessary credentials to actually make a post.
```
